What do you mean you suddenly got rich and lucky
Because of the system
And now only 7 days to live
Correct to say there are 6 days left
Why are you all here?
Chen Xuyao told us everything
This time I gave up the company's listing
The system's mission reward was also lost.
What a pity!
Xu Tao
Why did you tell him not to tell me directly?
I'm sorry, it's your woman anyway
So I was kind.
Called them all over
You don't have a few days to live anyway
Mengqi, I didn't really throw myself at them
You don't respond
Now is not the time to say that
I have contacted a top doctor for consultation.
It shouldn't be useful
Anyway, I brought it on myself
If it weren't for me
My dad won't always be me
It wouldn't be where it is today.
You scold me
It's all my fault
Can the inheritance be left to me?
You let him
After a while I want to spend it with my boyfriend
Li Mengqi, what you said is wrong
At this time, we should accompany Xu Tao to face it together
No no no no you all go
I want to go in alone.